notice I said simple I didn't say easy
and the reason why it's not easy is
because you have to deal with you and
now we know that you're a control freak
and you're stubborn and you got all
these excuses you're a real pain and I'm
going to teach you though the very very
simple way to get what you want there's
only one rule when it comes to
productivity there's only one rule when
it comes to success
there's only run rule to getting
everything you've ever wanted and here
it is you're never going to feel like it
ever in any area of your life that you
don't have what you want whether it's
the amount of money the amount of people
on your team the amount of sales the
amount of trips for your family the read
if you only did the things that you
don't feel like doing you'd have
everything you've ever wanted those
areas where you're happy you do the work
those areas where you're complaining you
don't feel like it you don't know it so
it's a lot like kids if you think about
it what's your job as a parent it's to
make kids do the things they don't feel
like doing so they can grow up and move
out and become independent adults my son
never feels like getting off the Dia's
he never feels like putting his feet
down when he's caught in the car my
daughter never feels like cleaning up
the Barbies I have no idea why they're
always naked by the way always naked and
the funny thing is when you grew up and
moved out your parents never said to you
guess what you are a total pain in the
rear end you never feel like doing
anything you don't feel like doing your
homework you don't feel like going out
you don't feel like making your bed you
don't feel like saying hello to
strangers you don't feel like using your
manners you don't feel like cleaning
your room good luck to you so the only
way to get what you want is to parent
yourself but I'm going to make it easy
for you we're about to move you've
learned a ton about the brain now the
brain is going to screw you over the
brain is going to go into autopilot the
brain is going to tell you it doesn't
feel like doing things it's trickery you
now know that so how do you be a
effective with yourself knowing that
you're never going to feel like doing
all the work that it takes to have this
business be everything that it possibly
could so you're going to use the
five-second rule
and what that means is this
from the moment that you have the idea I
should email out the Fall collection I
should go through the contact list for
my college or university and reach out
to people I should go through my contact
lists and invite 23 people this week to
just take the dogs for a walk I should
make a request of a friend and ask if I
can come to a presentation at lunch at
his law firm from the second you have
that idea you've only got five seconds
to take action otherwise it's gone your
brain will swoop in so fast me uh-oh
there's an idea whoa no way no wait you
don't feel like it you're overwhelmed
you're here by the way Mara you've got
five seconds and that's it
today I want you to practice this
because what you're going to notice is
you're going to notice a little bit
later like in the networking section and
you know afterwards and in some of these
events after this particular speech
you're going to notice that you have an
impulse you have an impulse to walk
towards somebody that's really
successful that's built a team that
could possibly help you and guess what
you're not going to do it you've
probably had them the entire time that
you've been here oh I should go over and
talk to this person I'll catch them
later all that person looks really
interesting i hmm I don't know I should
really take some photos of this fall
line and start to eat that might be too
pushy so what do you do how does it work
you have the thought you've got five
seconds that's it and what do you need
to do just say something out loud that's
one way you could start walking the
second you feel like you should meet
somebody because you're drawn to them
again it's from here it's not from here
start walking because if you're already
walking the likelihood is you'll
actually make it to them and then you're
going to say something write it down
schedule it send an email to yourself or
make the request one of the things that
was so interesting about talking to Tara
this morning is it was clear that a
couple people had been in there sharing
their brains out about j hilburn
and yet it never progressed into the
side of the conversation of would you
like information would you like to do it
and I'm sure whoever it was that was
lying on the table probably had that
thought
like you know I should probably say
something should I
getting facial is that weird to be
talking about business at the same time
five seconds gone talked yourself out of
it